1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans-Functions reduce the need for duplicate code. This makes programs shorter, easier to read, and easier to update.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Ans- The code in a function run when the function is called.

3. What statement creates a function?
Ans- A function can be created by defining a function defination
   Syntax-  def hello(): #Defining a function
            print("Hello, World!")

            hello() #Calling a function

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans- A function is procedure to achieve a particular result while function call is using this function to achive that task.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans-There's only one global scope in a python program. 

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans-A local variable retains its value until the next time the function is called A local variable becomes undefined after the function call completes The local variable can be used outside the function any time after the function call completes.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Ans- A return is a value that a function returns to the calling script or function when it completes its task. 
                       Yes it is possible to have a return value in an expression.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Ans- f a function doesn't specify a return value, it returns None . 

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Ans- If I want to refer to a global variable in a function I can use the global keyword to declare which variable is global.

10. What is the data type of None?
Ans- None is a data type of its own NoneType.

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Ans- It imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Ans- This function can be called with spam. bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Ans- By trying to run the program and it should throw an error message instead of crashing the program.

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Ans- It is used to test code for an error which is written in the “try” statement. If an error is encountered, the contents of the “except” block are run.



 